### EPIC 1  

### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; AS A | user that modifies system data values.  
 
### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I WANT  | changes i made to be autoregulated by the database.  

### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SO THAT  | is unnecesary to do them manually each time.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 1.1   

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Modifies relationships and data when someone is marked as "Deceased".
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person's profile.   
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user's desire to modify the person's status as "Deceased".    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator had pushed the ¨Mark as deceased¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the person's status changed to "Deceased" 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The person's will no longer have subordinates
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and is replaced by other if is a chief

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 1.2    

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Modifies relationships and data when someone is marked as "Imprisoned".
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user's desire to modify the person's status as "Imprisoned".     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator had pushed the ¨Mark as imprisoned¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subject has lost his/her rank.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN |  his/her subordinates will be relocated.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 1.3  

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Modifies relationships and data when someone is marked as "Released".
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user's desire to modify the person's status as "Released". 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Mark as released¨ button
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subject has recovered his/her previous rank.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | He/she will recover his subordinates.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 1.4   

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Modifies relationships and data when someone is ranked up.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.   
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to rank up someone.  
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Rank up¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subject's rank won a level.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | *??????????????*.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 1.5   

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |   Modifies relationships and data when someone is ranked down.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to rank down someone.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Rank down¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The subject will rank down 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subject's rank lost a level.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Loses the subordinates from his/her new tier 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subordinates of the same leve left alone now go to the oldest chief of their upper level.
