### EPIC 2

### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; AS A | general user of the FBI registry system.  
### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; I WANT | to see organised data.  
### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; SO THAT | i can speed up work.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 2.1

##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allowing the investigator finding anyone with 50 or more subordinates.  
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Special features tab on FBI system.    
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The investigator wants to know what criminal members are considered VIP.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨find VIP chiefs¨ button.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Subjects with 50 or more subordinates will be shown in the screen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
##### STORY 2.2     

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allowing the investigator finding a subject who matches with given specific atributes.  
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | FBI database search screen.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The investigator has data to provide for the search.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator enters the gender $Gender.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and name $Name.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and surname $Surname.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and birthdate $BirthDate.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and age $Age.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and adress $Adress.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and nationality $Nationality.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and ID $ID.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and status $Status.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and alias $Alias.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and rank $Rank.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and chief $Chief.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and felonyRecordsDigital $FelonyRecordsDigital.    (PRESCINDIBLE? )
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subordinates $Subordinates .                   (PRESCINDIBLE? )
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and press ¨Search¨ button. 
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Matching subjects would be shown in the screen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 2.3

##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allowing the investigator to see a graphic distribution of how the members of the organisation  &nbsp; are connected.  
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Special features tab on FBI system.   
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The investigator wants to know how the organisation members are connected between each other.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨show organisation map¨ button.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Subjects all members of the organisation and their connections will be shown in the screen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 2.4 

##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allowing the investigator to see a particular case report of a subject.  
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired subject´s profile.   
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The investigator wants to know about a particular case commited by the subject.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Case number $number¨ button.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The case linked to the specified number will be shown.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 2.5 

##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allowing the investigator to see every report of a subject.  
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired subject´s profile.   
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The investigator wants to know about a particularevery case commited by the subject.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Show all cases¨ button.
##### &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Every case linked to the specified subject will be shown.


