### EPIC 3  

### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; AS A  | FBI data system administrator.  
 
### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I WANT  | to manage the data that enters into the system and/or modify it.  

### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SO THAT  | i can mantain a controlled and efficient order and tracking.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 3.1 

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allow the FBI data system administrator to create a person in the system.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | "Create new profile" tab.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The FBI data system administrator wants to create a profile.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator fills the field with the gender $Gender.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field name with $Name.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field surname with $Surname.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field birthdate with $BirthDate.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field age with $Age.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field adress with $Adress.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field nationality with $Nationality.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field ID with $ID.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field status with $Status.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field alias with $Alias.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field rank with $Rank.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field chief with $Chief.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field felonyRecordsDigital with $FelonyRecordsDigital.    (AÚN POR DECIDIR)
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or fills the field subordinates with $Subordinates .                   (AÚN POR DECIDIR)
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and press ¨Create profile¨ button. 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The profile will be created 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and subordinates will be relocated if specified.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### STORY 3.2 

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allow the FBI data system administrator to modify a person in the system.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.   
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The FBI data system administrator wants to modify the data.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator fills the field with the gender $Gender.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field name with $Name.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field surname with $Surname.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field birthdate with $BirthDate.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field age with $Age.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field adress with $Adress.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field nationality with $Nationality.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field ID with $ID.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field status with $Status.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field alias with $Alias.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field rank with $Rank.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field chief with $Chief.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field felonyRecordsDigital with $FelonyRecordsDigital.    (AÚN POR DECIDIR)
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and fills the field subordinates with $Subordinates .                   (AÚN POR DECIDIR)
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and press ¨Create profile¨ button. 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The data will be overwritten.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.3     

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user to imprison someone.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to imprison someone.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Mark as imprisoned¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Subject's status will turn to "IMPRISONED" 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.4    

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user to release someone.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.     
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to release someone from the jail.  
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Mark as released¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | Subject's status will turn to "ALIVE" (EQUIVALENT AS NOT IMPRISONED)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.5

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user ranking up someone.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.   
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to rank up someone.  
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Rank up¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The subject's rank will modify to an upper grade by adding it to his/her list.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.6   

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user ranking down someone.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to rank down someone.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Rank down¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The subject's rank will modify to a lower grade by eliminating the last one from his/her list (if there's more than one).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.7 

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user to create a case report.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to add a new report.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Add new report¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and a new page appears to be filled. 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the user enters the mugshot $Mugshot
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the personal details $PersonDetails
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the event description $EventDescription
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the EvidencePhotos
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the felony records on PDF $FelonyRecordPDF
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and pushes the "Create case report". 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The case report is created.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.8     

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user to modificate a case report.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s profile.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to modify an existing report.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Modify report¨ button
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and a page appears with the existing case reports to be selected 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the user selects the desired case report
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and a new page opens with written fields to be overwritten
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and the user enters the mugshot $Mugshot
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or the personal details $PersonDetails
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or the event description $EventDescription
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or the EvidencePhotos
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or the felony records on PDF $FelonyRecordPDF
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | and/or pushes the "Modify case report" button. 
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The case report is created.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### STORY 3.9 

##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; FEATURE |  Allows user deleting a subject´s case report.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SCENARIO | Desired person´s case report page.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GIVEN | The user wants to delete the case report.    
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; WHEN | The investigator pushes the ¨Delete report¨ button.
##### &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; THEN | The report will be deleted from DDBB.



